what's up to you my name is Sam and
these are my three reasons to replace
your bed with a hammock
number one is minimalism every morning I
wake up and unhook my hammock and I
instantly have 40 square feet more free
space there's so much room for
activities basically imagine your
bedroom
and now imagine it without a bed so it's
kind of just a room less bed means more
room my hammock doubles as my work desk
which does take up a lot of space but
it's still more efficient than if I had
both a bed and a desk or a desk bed this
is my desk but it's a bit it's a bit
desk it's like a bidet four bedrooms
only they don't do the same thing number
two is it will actually make you into a
better person you would probably assume
that sleeping in a hammock is bad for
your back well you'd be wrong
idiot if you sleep in the correct
position your back will actually flatten
out and you'll have zero pressure points
making it better than a bed I sleep
straight through the night and no I have
never talked no I have never fallen out
in my sleep the swaying motion is
relaxing and not only does the routine
of setting my bed up every night tell my
brain go fatty it's time to go to sleep
but in the morning when I have to get
out of my bed it makes it easier for me
to not fall asleep after I turn my alarm
off I am the perfect human almost just
in regards to how I sleep the last
reason is that it's cool a little house
to put it I'm a cooler person you
because I sleep in a hammock I'm sorry
so those are my three reasons for
replacing your bed with a hammock if any
of my arguments were less than
convincing that's probably because I
don't actually know what I'm talking
about you want to see the log I'm
keeping up my experience slipping in a
hammock for a bed you can click on this
ukulele or if you just want to watch
some of my sketches can you click on the
slinky dog or if you don't want to do
either you can go click on your face
what
keeps me from falling bit it keeps me
from falling heat it keeps me from
falling back asleep after I wake up and
to turn my actually out it makes it all
that much harder after I get out of bed
to turn my alarm off it keeps me it also
makes it harder to fall asleep Tina you
fat lard it's time to go to sleep